CORNELL BEATS HARVARD. LETS GO RED HARVARD SUCKS High school senior gets accepted to Cornell, his dream college (x-post from /r/gifs) It's the most wonderful time of the year HARVARD SUCKS Cornell Basic Boys Starter Pack Cornell Basic Girls Starter Pack After coming back from break... Prosecutor charges Cornell student with hate crime Quiet place to study in Collegetown Dr. Henry Heimlich, life-saving maneuver creator and loyal Cornellian, dies at 96 My great grandfather (Electrical Engineering, '07), and his buddies goofing off before graduation a few years ago. My Great-Great Grandpa's degree from 1904 Cornell Admissions AMA on Tuesday, December 8th over at r/iama Cornell Graduate Tsai Ing-wen Does the Unthinkable in Taiwan: She became the first female president in the island's history over the weekend Hi Cornellians! I'm reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian and coming to speak tonight at 6pm in Barnes Hall for my Without Their Permission booktour, featuring alum Michael Horn of CraftCoffee.com! See you soon. Happy Holidays r/Cornell! Saw this on Cornell's homepage. This man is a big winner Statler Auditorium Judge: Cornell caused actual harm to student accused of sexual assault How I feel walking out of Noyes with an armful of 2 liter bottles Mods and subs of /r/Cornell, please help grow this sub Its Snowing again, god damn it Cornell Law ranked first in highest average salary Cornell Hockey starts season 7-0 for first time since 1971 I urge everyone to spend a summer in Ithaca University closing from Noon 3/14 to Noon 3/15 due to weather. Announcement will go out soon. Hell yeah! Mysterious Afro Man The last few days... Me stepping outside today. Deer dies after being trapped in Rockefeller Hall Window WELCOME TO THE CLASS OF 2021! Cornell Wins Campus Bid!  Cornell Weather 101: Cornell cold weather for those with little to no experience Who's excited for the new Okenshields menu? Cornell College Republicans president assaulted, called 'racist bitch' - The College Fix To everyone stressed about finals 