Cornell's President, Elizabeth Garrett, has passed away Cornell after today's rain. CORNELL FOOTBALL BEATS PRINCETON 29-28 Joe Biden to be 2017 Convocation Speaker Kyle the cat is HOME! anyone else extremely disappointed with the Cornell Admissions AMA? Martha E. Pollack, provost at Michigan, named 14th president My grandmother attended Cornell from 1951-1955 and got her BS in Chemistry. I recently found this picture she took in April 1955, with a view of the Clocktower as seen from the Arts Quad. I thought some fellow Cornellians might enjoy it! Sunrise over the B-lot yesterday morning To every anxious applicant to Cornell looking for advice/chances... Took a 360 degree panorama from the clock tower yesterday and thought I'd share. Far above ... Cornell Calendar {Circa 1909} On the Arts Quad: You had one job... Cornell & Ithaca (1920's Era Photobook) Facebook posted this automatically for some reason, but I think it adequately sums up the last four years of my life. An Update on the Missing Student Cornell Football wins again, and is leading the Ivy League. Good job, Big Red. For the 2017ers: I moved onto campus in August, 10 years ago. Here's what I wish I was told, what I wish I did, and what I ultimately learned after 4 years far above Cayuga's waters. Chapter House Destroyed: Devastating Fire Sweeps Stewart Ave. Cornell just beat Colgate at football to start 3-0, more wins in the last two seasons combined Checkmate Harvard! Incoming First-Gen Cornell Student Found Dead in the Ithaca Falls Gorge Visited the campus this past weekend, thought this subreddit might enjoy this photo. NSFW content on Cornell WiFi? Need a quiet place to study in Collegetown during study week? President Skorton to leave Cornell in June 2015 to head Smithsonian Institution Libe Hey Ithaca, What Color Is the Sky Today? When was the last time the sun came out?? PLEASE HELP, DESPERATE. Our beloved cat is missing and we are devastated! Just a typical night at Hot Truck... Spring. Former Cornell University Student pleads guilty to student loan fraud Buttermilk Falls, Ithaca, NY, After Yesterday's Rain [X-Post from /r/EarthPorn] 