CORNELL BEATS HARVARD. LETS GO RED Joe Biden to be 2017 Convocation Speaker HARVARD SUCKS Bojack Horseman just referenced Ithaca! Kyle the cat is HOME! After coming back from break... The golden book from the gif at the top of r/interestingasfuck is from the Cornell Library anyone else extremely disappointed with the Cornell Admissions AMA? Martha E. Pollack, provost at Michigan, named 14th president So excited to be admitted! Can't believe I'm going to an Ivy League School! Sunrise over the B-lot yesterday morning Took a 360 degree panorama from the clock tower yesterday and thought I'd share. PSA to prefrosh: why cornell is going to be better than ever Cornell Calendar {Circa 1909} On the Arts Quad: You had one job... Cornell & Ithaca (1920's Era Photobook) Facebook posted this automatically for some reason, but I think it adequately sums up the last four years of my life. Went on pornhub on Cornell WiFi, how screwed am I? Cornell Football wins again, and is leading the Ivy League. Good job, Big Red. Two IC Students Stabbed at Cornell on Sunday Morning; One dead, One in Critical Condition For the 2017ers: I moved onto campus in August, 10 years ago. Here's what I wish I was told, what I wish I did, and what I ultimately learned after 4 years far above Cayuga's waters. Can we please have a rule against admission threads? Today I went to Wegman's for the first time.  This was my reaction. Six Cornellians Slated To Compete in 2016 Rio Olympics Prelim Depression Reaccs Only Chapter House Destroyed: Devastating Fire Sweeps Stewart Ave. Checkmate Harvard! Incoming First-Gen Cornell Student Found Dead in the Ithaca Falls Gorge Google giving Cornell University 22k square feet of free office space at its NYC HQ for 5 years I urge everyone to spend a summer in Ithaca Visited the campus this past weekend, thought this subreddit might enjoy this photo. Gangnam Style flashmob from earlier today. President Skorton to leave Cornell in June 2015 to head Smithsonian Institution Hey Ithaca, What Color Is the Sky Today? I colorized a photo of Cornell's Varsity Rowing Team in 1911 (x-post from /r/ColorizedHistory) Psi Upsilon to Immediately Close Cornell Chapter, Will Open House to Student Groups Former Cornell University Student pleads guilty to student loan fraud N.Y. Federation of College Republicans Revokes Recognition of Cornell Chapter Following Johnson Endorsement 