HARVARD SUCKS -  High school senior gets accepted to Cornell, his dream college (x-post from /r/gifs) -  Cornell after today's rain. -  CORNELL FOOTBALL BEATS PRINCETON 29-28 - EAT IT TIGERS 

happy halloweekend!!! Joe Biden's Convocation Speech -  Cornell Basic Girls Starter Pack -  Prosecutor charges Cornell student with hate crime -  Quiet place to study in Collegetown - Need a good place to study? St. Luke Church (right next to CTB) is OPEN TO ALL for quiet study now through Wednesday Dec 14, 10am to Midnight (Sundays  1pm to Midnight). Wireless available throughout the building. FREE coffee and tea (and usually snacks). People are welcome to bring your own food and there are several small group study rooms available. No proselytizing, just supporting our college community by offering up the space for those in need.  Found on Ithaca Craigslist :D (Seeking Overpriced Housing Near Downtown Ithaca) -  To every anxious applicant to Cornell looking for advice/chances... - Yes, you have a chance. No, we don't know what it is. No, that doesn't disqualify you. Yes, that thing matters. No, that thing isn't the only thing that matters. Yes, Cornell is cold. No, youwait, you were arrested for what?

&nbsp;

Everybody here is really glad that Cornell is your first, or second, or third, or eighty sixth choice. We all hope that you become a part of our world, and as much as we make fun of them, we also really love new Freshman. 

&nbsp;

You all have a ton of anxiety regarding college admissions right now. You might get in, you might not, none of us really have any idea as we don't sit on the admissions board. But something to remember when you're posting here and on CC and agonizing over GPA percentiles and ACT scores, the college you attend does not matter nearly as much as how you take advantage of every opportunity given to you.

&nbsp;

Not only that, you also have to remember to just live and be free. Do something stupid. Do a lot of things fun. Make art and be happy. You have the rest of your life to be worried about things much more important than what college you are admitted to.

&nbsp;

You've probably read this same message a billion times. There is a reason. Listen to it.

&nbsp;

And if you get in, buy waterproof boots. Dr. Henry Heimlich, life-saving maneuver creator and loyal Cornellian, dies at 96 -  My great grandfather (Electrical Engineering, '07), and his buddies goofing off before graduation a few years ago. -  My Great-Great Grandpa's degree from 1904 -  Cornell Admissions AMA on Tuesday, December 8th over at r/iama - Hey r/Cornell! We know most of you are already at Cornell, but we see quite a few prospective students coming here to ask for advice about applying to Cornell, so we thought we'd hold an AMA on Tuesday, December 8th. If you're already a Cornellian, we'd love your upvotes for visibility on Tuesday at the AMA over at r/iama. If you're a prospective student, get your admissions questions ready!

We saw an imposter Cornell Admissions post the other day, so we thought we should give some actual admissions advice to Redittors who aspire to become Cornellians. 

We'll be providing lots of proof, so you know it's us. We're frequent lurkers of this sub and you all do a great job representing Cornell, especially sharing what it's like to be a student at Cornell, so thanks for that! 
 Far above ... -  Cornell Graduate Tsai Ing-wen Does the Unthinkable in Taiwan: She became the first female president in the island's history over the weekend -  Hi Cornellians! I'm reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian and coming to speak tonight at 6pm in Barnes Hall for my Without Their Permission booktour, featuring alum Michael Horn of CraftCoffee.com! See you soon. -  Happy Holidays r/Cornell! -  Saw this on Cornell's homepage. This man is a big winner -  Statler Auditorium - The university gives presentations to prospective applicants in the auditorium at Statler. When I was a junior in high school visiting, I sat in that auditorium and listened as the officers from the various colleges talked about all the opportunities they had to offer. I had no idea that three years later I'd be sitting in that auditorium again failing the 2930 final. Judge: Cornell caused actual harm to student accused of sexual assault -  How I feel walking out of Noyes with an armful of 2 liter bottles -  Mods and subs of /r/Cornell, please help grow this sub - Even though this community is quite small and has low activity, it's been a huge help to me on several occasions. There should definitely be more efforts to expand this sub and advertise it to Cornellians.            
                    
 Imagine how great it would be if we could get the thousands of Cornellians subscribed to their respective classes' facebook pages to migrate over here where people can get answers to their questions more easily and discuss campus ongoings anonymously.       
                     
This sub has consistently given me invaluable knowledge about Cornell ranging from schedules to party life and everything in between, and I wish more people at Cornell could get that knowledge if they so desired to. 
    
 I don't know exactly what it would take, but show your friends the subreddit and get them subscribed if they have a reddit account; if they don't, encourage them to make one so they can sign up. Mods, communicate with the owners of Cornell "Class of ___ " facebook pages and see if you can advertise this sub on all those pages. Hell, if some of you are ambitious enough even print out quarter cards or hang up fliers in your residence halls.
        
 In short, this sub is a great resource run by actual students and offers advice and experiences that you really just can't get from academic advisors, professors, etc. and I wish more Cornellians knew about it. So even if it means just getting one friend to subscribe here, we should all try to grow this sub. Cornell just beat Colgate at football to start 3-0, more wins in the last two seasons combined -  Its Snowing again, god damn it -  Cornell Hockey starts season 7-0 for first time since 1971 -  Cornell Student Reported Missing After Canoe Outing on Cayuga Lake -  Cornell Law ranked first in highest average salary -  Deer dies after being trapped in Rockefeller Hall Window -  University closing from Noon 3/14 to Noon 3/15 due to weather. Announcement will go out soon. Hell yeah! -  NSFW content on Cornell WiFi? - Don't upvote this, please. Does Cornell care about/monitor NSFW content on the WiFi it provides (dorms, RedRover)? I looked though the terms and conditions but didn't seem to find anything of that nature; I'm scared that if I show someone a LiveLeak video the Cornell Thug Squad will descend upon my residence. Mysterious Afro Man -  Need a quiet place to study in Collegetown during study week? - Study week will be upon us shortly. St. Luke Church in Collegetown (right next to CTB) has a tradition of opening its doors to provide a quiet study environment for students. No proselytizing, just an act of community service. 

*St. Luke Church will be open from Saturday May 13 through Monday May 22, 10am to Midnight (except Sundays  1pm to Midnight)
*Wireless available throughout the building
*There will be FREE coffee, tea, and snacks
*Welcome to bring your own food
*Several small group study rooms available for  quiet study  

http://www.stlukeithaca.org
 The last few days... -  Me stepping outside today. -  Need a quiet place to study in Collegetown during Study Week? - Study week will be upon us shortly. St. Luke Church in Collegetown (right next to CTB) has a tradition of opening its doors to provide a quiet study environment for students. No proselytizing, just an act of community service. 
*Open from Sunday Dec 3 through Tuesday Dec 12, 10am to Midnight (except Sundays  1pm to Midnight)
*Wireless available throughout the building
*There will be FREE coffee, tea, and snacks
*Welcome to bring your own food
*Several small group study rooms available
for quiet study http://www.stlukeithaca.org WELCOME TO THE CLASS OF 2021! - As of 5 PM EDT today, decision notifications have been released for all regular decision applicants. 

Congrats to everyone who was admitted!  Libe -  Cornell Wins Campus Bid!  - [Here's the Link for those interested.](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970204879004577107190097493490.html?fb_ref=wsj_share_FB&fb_source=home_multiline)

Great news!
 Cornell Weather 101: Cornell cold weather for those with little to no experience - Ok everyone. You might have heard bad things about the weather, have experienced northern cold once or twice, or you might just question "how bad could it be?" Here's the answer you're looking for. I'll try to give you the actual numbers, the intuition of how cold works and how to fight it, and recommendation and rules for buying clothes.

**1) [Click Here For the Weather Data](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=weather+in+14850+in+2014)** (you can change the 14850 to your zip code to compare.)

**2) Here is my commentary on the weather data:** Cornell weather is not that bad for most people along the northern border of the U.S. It can get down to -10 F (last year it hit -17) but there are only a few weeks when you're below 10 degrees F. Windchill a little worse. Cornell is in a flat section of the state and that means lots of wind, but not as much as any costal town or city. This means windchill can be a factor. At the end of the day, anyone from NYC or Chicago would be fine at Cornell. Cornell only gets such a bad name because it has a big campus and attracts many students from far away who are woefully unprepared.

**3) Here is my description of how cold weather works:** I think this is important. Numbers are meaningless without the ability to interpret them. I know the idea of sub-zero is foreign to some, but truthfully, it just means more layers. I'm not going to go off on a talk about air pockets. Instead let me talk about what it takes to feel comfortable, to feel warm. First, no individual body part can be cold. Second, the body cannot feel its core temperature dropping.

Ok, what this means is if any part of your body is exposed to cold objects that *conduct heat* away from you body quickly then that body part is going to feel cold. Things such as carrying books without gloves, walking in thin shoes (*especially* if they're wet, oh god water is a good conductor of heat), or wind on exposed skin will suck the heat from those parts of the body. This makes them feel cold. What that means for you is three things: boots, gloves, hat.

But here's the truth about all of this: you are a big bag of circulating water. Your body is more than happy to just throw heat at your hands to keep the tissue at normal temperature. It's more than capable of it as well. The problem is that when your body feels its core temperature dropping it panics and constricts blood flow to your extremities. It is willing to sacrifice some heat in the hands (or feet, or nose) to try to conserve as much heat in the torso as possible. This means the hands get cold and causes pain. A lot of times you'll see someone with gloves on talking about how cold their hands are, cursing the gloves, while someone right next to them isn't wearing gloves and feels fine. The difference is that person has warmer clothes around their legs and torso, and that means the body has excess heat to throw at the hands. Another big things that make a difference is movement/exercise. Walking in the sun vs sitting in the shade can be the difference of 15 to 20 degrees.

Try this experiment sometime. Pick up an ice cube. That is literally all you have to do. Roll it around in your hand and feel how it doesn't make your hands hurt. That is becauseand I'm going to get kinda patriotic in a "the human body is awesome" kind of waythat little piece of crystalized H20 does't have *crap* on the thousands of miles of intricate water circulation system dedicated to keeping that patch of tissue exactly the temperature it should be at. If you can make your torso *hot*, then only 10 degrees or below weather *with* a windchill will be strong enough cause real discomfort to exposed skin.

**4) Here is a discussion on clothes:** Truth be told, this question is better answered in terms of what you need to wear. If you are prepared, you feel the same in the dead of winter at Cornell as you do in fall at Texas, just with more clothes on. As the Swedes say: "there is no such thing as bad weather, just bad clothing." This does not mean you need to spend a lot on clothes. There are a lot of ways to design a warm winter wardrobe, but here are some of the basics.

First, there are three different kinds of layers: the wicking layer, the warmth layer, and the weather layer. Wicking is just what goes on your skin or near it. It should be breathable and *wick* (pull) moisture (such as sweat) away from your skin. I really don't pay attention to this. I'm a Boy Scout so on weekend long campouts it's important, otherwise t-shirt and underwear is fine. Second is warmth. This can be a fancy parka or jacket, or just a sweater (for the legs it is long underwear). Third is weather, and this means wind and water protection. You do not want water or wind pulling heat directly from your torso! When implemented it looks like this: underwear, t-shirt, winter jacket. The winter jacket has both warm and weather built into one. If you need more warmth, add a sweater, then long underwear, then another sweater.

Other things to think about:

* You have to be careful about being able to take off layers. Too much and you'll be too warm inside. That's why I have a few different jackets depending on the weather, because ideally you want to be able to take off only your outside layer and be cool enough indoors. I avoid long underwear because of this (if I can). I have a light jacket for fall and a heavy parka for winter, that I can unzip if I'm too hot and take off once inside.

* Boots are a big one when snow hits. They prevent wet (and thus, cold) feet.

* Face masks are great for the worst months. I really recommend a balaclava hood. It is a scarf and hat in one, with a face mask that can be pulled up to cover the nose and mouth. If you wear glasses make sure you get one that has holes/thin fabric in front of the mouth to prevent it from fogging up.

* I highly recommend any gloves you get have a wind blocking layer. Otherwise they are basically just swiss cheese. Sure they're warm in still air, but add a breeze and they might as well be in your pocket.

* Cotton and wool are warmer than most synthetic material, so if you are looking for a hoodie or sweater as an intermediary pick those when in doubt. Note: they suck with wind resistance without other fibers mixed in or special treatments. Coats are often measured in a goose down number. I never understood the details, but basically it means the coat is as warm as a certain packing of goose feathers. You will see "goose down 600". The higher the number, the warmer, on a roughly linear scale.

**5) Specific clothes to buy:** For the benefit of people who've never shopped cold weather gear before, I'll post some specific products and links. For the most part, I'm posting frugal buys that will get you through the rough of winter. Feel free to dismiss items that don't appeal to you, this is only a set of examples.

* LLBean is a great company IMHO that has tremendous warranties, prices, customer support, and everything from them is machine washable. Click [here](http://www.llbean.com/llb/search/?freeText=winter+jacket&init=1) for some of their jackets. I would recommend a Jacket that goes down to -25 degrees F from them (because you don't want to have to rely on wearing long underwear and a sweater, as they assume with those ratings). My fav is the [Weather Challenger 3-in-1 Jacket](http://www.llbean.com/llb/shop/83559?feat=3%20in%201-SR0&page=weather-challenger-3-in-1-jacket).

* Other options for coats on a budget are surplus military stock. They have no military markings, are made to be stylus in a plan way, durable, and very functional. Two example sites are [Army Surplus World](http://www.armysurplusworld.com/display.asp?subDepartmentID=276) and [Army Navy Outfitters](http://www.armynavydeals.com/asp/Default.asp?). Crappy websites but good products.

* You want a good pair of warm walking boots. Mickey Mouse boots are a name given to a particular type of boots used by the U.S. military. They often have ugly yellow text on them, but that's only if you look at them up close and for as cheap as $20 from [here](http://stores.alleghenywholesale.com/usgi-military-bata-black-mickey-mouse-boots-w-valve-20f-brand-new/) they deserve a mention.

* [These gloves](http://www.mechanix.com/cold-weather). They are a little annoying because of the logo, but Mechanix Wear makes the most functional gloves out there. Just the $10 [Thermal Knit](http://www.mechanix.com/cold-weather/thermal-knit) will do you well.

* If you don't wear glasses, buy [this](http://www.amazon.com/Chaos--CTR-Chinook-Balaclava-Windproof/dp/B002ZG7RFI/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1428097222&sr=8-3&keywords=balaclava) baraclava for $20. If you do, spend the greatest $10 of your life and upgrade to [this](http://www.amazon.com/Chaos--CTR-Howler-Windproof-Balaclava/dp/B002ZG7RGC/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1428097222&sr=8-6&keywords=balaclava), which seems to have better ventilation based on the reviews.

**TLDR:** The worst thing about Cornell's cold weather is the time it takes to put on 3-5 extra pieces of clothing in the morning. When was the last time the sun came out?? - Ithaca weather really living up to its reputation...  PLEASE HELP, DESPERATE. Our beloved cat is missing and we are devastated! -  Who's excited for the new Okenshields menu? -  Cornell College Republicans president assaulted, called 'racist bitch' - The College Fix -  Buttermilk Falls, Ithaca, NY, After Yesterday's Rain [X-Post from /r/EarthPorn] -  Cornell Cultural Campus Map -  Cornell Accepts 12.5% of Applicants for Class of 2021 -  This is Cornell. -  perhaps i should get started now? =\ -  What happens when the Daily Sun hosts an office party and leaves its computers unlocked. (NSFW language) -  Cornell Drinking Culture - Let me begin by saying that this isn't specific to Cornell, but just an opinion based off of what I've seen here over the past couple of weeks.

I'm a freshman at Cornell and I'm really starting to dislike the drinking culture here. I've been to a frat party almost every week I've been here, and I've noticed so many things here. Seeing 4 ambulances outside my residence hall this night is what motivated me to write this. 

Drinking is like machinery here. People all around me go out on the weekends, no matter how much work they have, if they've been invited somewhere or not, etc. The weekend is time to drink and that's unchangable. You pregame at X o clock, catch the bus at Y, go to the party for Z, etc. Every weekend I see almost everyone on my floor do this. I see crowds of dozens of people all going to CTown or west campus or wherever they can get some booze. 

At the parties themselves, people all are just trying to get a beer or whatever alcohol they can lay their hands on. It's honestly just depressing. Everyone complains that the beer is so bad, yet they keep drinking. Do they really need to be drunk that badly? 

I hear endless stories of girls that can't wait to go out and then those same girls getting assaulted at night or making a decision they regret. But they go and do it again the next weekend.

I hear guys stressing about how hard it is for them to find a ratio that works and how annoying and douchey the frat guys are. But they go and do it again the next weekend.

Kids with so much potential are drinking themselves to a point of injury (I've seen so many ambulances show up to different dorms or houses). But they go and go it again the next weekend.

Why? I wish I knew. I'll admit why I go: peer pressure. Everyone is going out and I feel left out if I don't. I went out again this weekend, and hated it. I didn't even drink. But can Ivy League students really not find any other way to have fun during the weekends? Does everyone who drinks think that since they had a hard week they need to alter their reality for a couple of hours to relax?

I wanted to get your guys' opinions on the matter. And I understand that not everyone at Cornell drinks. There are thousands who don't. I'm talking about the culture of those who do. Spring 2018 Course Roster Now Available -  PSA: When you're at Libe Cafe looking for a gross beverage to make you rethink your life choices, give this a try -  so fucking lonely.. no friends - depressed af... i dont have a group of friends. alone by myself day and night. how do i meet other people? is it too late to make new friends  Ithafalls -  Conversations -  Cornell University Commencement procession leading to Libe Slope, ca. 1912. -  University to remain closed until 4:30 PM today. - WOOOOO SNOW DAY #2!!!!!

We're making history here.  Thanks letter from an ED reject - Dear Friends,

ED results just came out. Well, I didn't make it. Straight up rejected. Anyways, I just want to thank you guys for helping me with my questions couple weeks ago. Y'all are a really welcoming community, it's a pity that I'm not able to be part of this.

Special thanks to people who replied me,
/u/12301780 
/u/Pianoman338
/u/cartesiancategory
/u/chrissydablack
/u/t3hasiangod

Happy Holidays!

Best Regards,
JZ

 Internet romance blooms over Cornell Confessions website (a bit long, but worth the read) -  A message to all the ED applicants - If you got accepted, congratulations! 

If you didn't get accepted, it is very easy to feel terrible, but you really shouldn't(especially if Cornell was your first choice). Here are a couple of points to consider. 

* If you didn't get accepted, it does not mean you are stupid. There is always a small percentage of people who get accepted but will do bad, and a percentage of people who doesn't get accepted but could have done well. Also, schools consider more things than the ''intelligence factors'' (i.e. SAT/ACT score, GPA). 

* If you didn't get into Cornell, don't think you won't get accepted in any other more prestigious schools. I, for example, got rejected from UCSD (35.9% acceptance rate), but got admitted here (14% acceptance rate). 

* The college you go won't determine your life. Sure, going to a prestigioss school gives you more resources and will make life easier, but that does not mean that if you don't get in you won't get the job you've always dreamt of. It will simply be a little bit harder.

tl;dr: college application is not a perfect science. Don't feel bad if you got rejected. Congratulations if you did get accepted! Flora Rose House slowly transforms into one of the Gothics...  -  Really depressed that I'm graduating - I don't have any question but I'm just really sad that I'll pretty much be leaving Cornell forever, maybe give or take a few times. Really blows that I won't see a lot of my friends here ever again.  Interesting entry in today's crime log... -  Just a reminder that Cornell can be pretty breathtaking on the other side of this weather. Tough it out! -  Student Assembly Committee Votes to Defund Cornell Cinema - http://cornellsun.com/2017/10/31/s-a-appropriations-committee-votes-to-defund-cornell-cinema/

not a fan of the SA proposal *at all*. do you like cool shit? would you like to continue having a venue where you can watch everything from intriguing foreign shorts to classics in a vintage theater, right on campus? cause i sure do... Freshmen start eating at West Campus... -  Greetings from your new moderators! - Hi everyone! It's /u/laveritecestla, /u/TheD3xus, and /u/Enyo287, your new /r/Cornell moderating staff! We wanted to take the time to introduce ourselves to you guys, that way everyone can get a better idea of who we are and what we plan on doing to help improve the subreddit. We want to be here for you as a community, and we want to be on the same page with what people are looking to get out of the subreddit.

#/u/laveritecestla
Hi r/Cornell! I'm /u/laveritecestla, and I'm super excited to be one of the new mods here. I'm a current student in biomedical engineering, and am involved in many extracurricular activities on campus. I plan to deal largely with content management (updating the sidebar, creating a comprehensive FAQ section, etc.) and weekly threads (chance me, Q&A for prospective students, etc.). If there are any weekly threads you'd like to see, please let me know (by PM).  I can't promise we'll end up implementing all of your ideas, but we may be able to create threads that encompass several of your ideas at once. Looking forward to improving this subreddit! 

# /u/TheD3xus
Hello /r/Cornell! I'm /u/TheD3xus, one of three new ~~dictators~~ moderators for the subreddit. I've been involved with the subreddit for a while, and I'm glad that I'll be able to help the subreddit grow and prosper (with the community's help, of course). I'm currently a student in Information Science (CALS), and will be in charge of maintaining the visuals of the subreddit (primarily CSS, user/link flair, and more). If you have any ideas, comments, or feedback regarding how the subreddit looks, please shoot me a message or send some modmail. Thank you guys!

#/u/Enyo287
Hiya everybody! Im Enyo  2015 alumnus of Arts & Sciences. In a nutshell, Im a historian, a librarian, a gamer, a huge nerd, and a Jeep owner. In my day-to-day life, Im working full-time while finishing up the second year of my Masters degree - also a full-time commitment! 

Within the context of our subreddit community, Ill be focusing primarily on janitorial aspects such content moderation, answering modmails, and the like. I plan to set up an IRC channel [a text-based chat room, essentially] which Ill keep an active eye on as well. 

Its worth to mention here that although there is a division of responsibilities, these arent necessarily hard and fast lines in the sand. As in any team environment, boundaries, interests, and projects all overlap. Therefore, well be collaborating together as a working team. So as the others have touched upon, please feel free to reach out to any [or all] of us with your comments, suggestions, and concerns. All three of us wish to facilitate the revival and development of our online community  but we wont be able to do it without your help!  Slope Day From Above -  DC++ is back! - Hey, I know that this news has been posted in comments before, but I thought that it might help to have a dedicated post for it.

DC++ is back!  A hub is running under new management at the address ***cornell.ignorelist.com:4000***.  To connect, just go to your "Favorite Hubs" screen in the DC++ client, and edit the properties so the address field contains the address above.

It's just as secure as before--since only Cornell IPs are allowed on, outside organizations, such as the RIAA and MPAA, can't see what you upload and download.  Enjoy, and remember to share and reshare! Take a look at Thursday -  New Subreddit Theme! - I've been toiling away in my secret lair working on a brand new subreddit theme. Out with the old, in with the new and all that funny stuff. Now, I present to you all: the brand new Cornell subreddit theme!

## What's different?
Pretty much everything has received a visual facelift. The flair, the content, the imagery, the colors, everything's more Cornell related. 

## Flair
Everyone now has the ability to set their own flair, prefixed with a few options based on the different Cornell programs and some locales that I thought people might like. At this time there's no ability to set your own prefix, though I'm working on a way to do that.

## Bugs & Feedback
If you find any bugs or if you have some feedback, please leave a comment below and I'll address it ASAP. Enjoy guys! Snow! -  Accepted Students + Cornell Admissions Decisions Q&A! - Acceptances are beginning to roll in around the world. Congratulations to the incoming Class of 2021! 

If you have questions about life at Cornell, whether you should accept your acceptance offer, or anything else relating to being an admitted student, post them here!  Fall at Beeble Lake -  Accompanied by his attorney, suspect in Stewart Ave. stabbing turns himself in -  Something is missing in a familiar spot -  Hey Cornellians, I'll be seeing you soon! -  Slop(e) Day 2012 -  NUBB limit upped to 200GB!!!!! - YASSSSSSSSSSS NYT Economic diversity and student outcomes at Cornell -  Cornell Police Report Stabbing on Stewart Ave Bridge -  Results on the left, or results on the right? -  Psych Prof James Maas is retiring today. Thanks for 48 years of teaching -  Early Decision Results Celebration/Commiseration Thread! - To those who were accepted today: 
**WELCOME TO THE CLASS OF 2021!**

To those who were not: Remember, this is not the end of the world. As others have said, the college admissions process doesn't always make sense, and is not a reflection on you as a person. 

Feel free to post your thoughts here! (Keep it civil and friendly though) What the actual fuck CDS? -  When my professor says we'll be having class on Slope Day -  Best of Cornell: Study Spaces! - Syllabus week has come to a close, and although you may feel like it's too soon, you should probably start thinking about studying for your classes now. 

Post here with your favorite study spaces and why! They can be common/well-known places (ex. Duffield) or unknown places (ex. Riley-Robb lounge).  Particularly interesting study locations will be added to the wiki (with creds to the user who posted it).  my first (unedited) galaxy nexus panoramic [arts quad] -  When the entire state is in a state of emergency from getting snowed under, but you still gotta go to class -  Is the squirrel watcher watching club a real thing? - I've seen mention of a club that watches the squirrel watching club as a "fun fact" about Cornell but I can't seem to find any real information about such a club.  First day of the semester... Have a great semester everyone! -  Cornell Admits Most Selective Class in University History: 14% Acceptance for Class of 2018 versus 15.2% for 2017 -  IVY LEAGUE CHAMPS -  Any transsexuals who transitioned while at Cornell? What was it like? Were people accepting? -  Where are you hockey fans? - I'm a season ticket holding townie for the men's and women's hockey teams.  Lynah faithful - where were you this past weekend?  The student sections D and E were practically empty on Sunday, and didn't have much of a better showing on Saturday.

I know new students generally get seats in those sections, but come on...there are some things that you can do as students that us townies can't, so do your part to help make Lynah live up to the reputation of being the most hostile environment for visiting teams!  

If you need to learn the cheers, go to elynah.com.  Start with learning these:  
* Boring  
* What do to during the national athems  
* Goalie/Sieve    
* It's all your fault  
* Ugly  
* Remote control goalie  
* Cowbell  
* Screw BU!  
* Alma mater  
* Tubas  
* Townies up!

Thanks from a Lynah Faithful townie!  
edit: forgot one Top 10 college towns, and Ithaca comes in at... -  Cornell Provost commits to increasing number of student veterans -  lonely freshman - I'm a second semester freshman, and while I had a great time going out and meeting people last semester, I feel extremely disconnected from the people I hang out with. I like them- but I don't know if we have that much in common (not in an "intellectual I'm so much better" way) and I don't feel like they're real friends because they didn't have my back when I went through a stressful couple of weeks. I know this sounds whiny but I just don't know how to find a close friend group. I'm trying to join clubs and immerse myself in the *student experience* as much as possible, but I have no idea if it'll help. Any ideas on how to reach out to more people or should I let it happen organically? So... - Any idea what's going on? Or when power will be back How I feel about this time of year -  Letter from Cornell Athletics captains about "locker room talk" and the Harvard "Scouting Reports" -  I need a favor related to Cornell's history - will pay! - I don't attend Cornell, but my late grandfather was one of the first Indian students to do so (back in the early 1960s, on a government scholarship offered for research scientists after Indian independence). I recently learned that the Cornell library contains the only remaining copy of his Master's thesis. I want to present a bound copy to my father for his 25th anniversary. It would be amazing if someone could photocopy this thesis and send it to me. It's located at the University Annex, which seems to have a system for doing this type of stuff:
https://annex.library.cornell.edu/content/annex-requests-information

This document is clearly in the public domain, having been published between 1923 and 1963 without the copyright being extended in 1989. It's complicated but I can explain via PM; if interested, you can also refer here:
http://www.copylaw.com/new_articles/PublicDomain.html

Anyways, if someone would be willing to photocopy this document and send it to me so that I don't have to travel all the way to Ithaca, I'd gladly pay $40. I'm happy to provide all the documentation and verification you'd need so that you know I'm legit.

Thanks!

(EDITED - to add more information) Kubiak's OT Goal Cements #9 Cornell Win Over Previously-Unbeaten #1 Providence at Florida College Classic -  New lawsuit claims Cornell wrongly expelled male student for clearly consensual sex -  These are the first images  of Cornell's NYC Tech Campus -  Got closer and talked more to Bill Nye at the Tesla Model x unveiling than at his guest lecture in Astro 102! -  Conversations of death? - I hear a lot of people at Cornell, or at least those I surround myself with, causally say they want to die or kill themselves and it's not really a joke. There's an underlying tone that they really do wish they could and I'm not particularly exempt from that either. But all in all, it feels casual and normal.

Is this a normal thing at Cornell or at any college? I've thought it was normal and fine since Cornell is stressful but is this actually not okay? Someone told me I just need to suck it up and deal with it since this is college and I also accepted that but after thinking about it I'm not sure if I should try talking to someone or just like the person say, it's normal and just deal with it. [META] About "chance me" threads - Genuinely curious - what's the moderation team's stance on these?  Because I feel like, despite them being relatively nonintrusive otherwise, it's still unpleasant to have droves of maddened high school juniors/seniors asking the same question.

If anything, maybe a sticky/megathread would help reduce/eliminate them.  Just my two cents, though. Cornell receives $350 million. 5th largest gift to any US university in history. -  saw this on r/adviceanimals, thought of our lovely cornell freshman yet to feel winter's bite this year. -  Cornell President Elizabeth Garrett Announces that She Is Undergoing Treatment for Cancer -  Big Red Bullet bus service can get stuffed - Three months ago, I pre-paid for two tickets on December 24th for this new-and-slightly-cheaper-than-C2C bus service. Today, Big Red Bullet joins the ranks of the "bollocks to our customers, we'll just cancel the service we sold 'em a while ago" travel businesses: 

"The management team of the Big Red Bullet has been looking at the schedule for the holiday period, particularly since both Ithaca College and Cornell are both on prolonged breaks. Since they are our main source of customers, we have decided not to operate for the period 24 December until 2 January, inclusive. 

We regret that you have already made a reservation during that time frame and we regret any inconvenience this may cause. Both Greyhound and Shortline will continue to operate a full schedule between New York and Ithaca.

You will, of course, receive a full reimbursement for the booking you have made." 

So, yeah -- to fuckery with Big Red Bullet.  Dropbox is offering an extra 3 GB of cloud storage to college students - [Follow this link](https://www.dropbox.com/spacerace?r=NTExMzQ1NTAyODk) to sign up for Dropbox and get 5GB of cloud storage free instead of the usual 2GB. It's also an intercollegiate competition. And Harvard is beating us. So sign up. going to that last class to get iclicker participation and you don't see the app running in the corner -  Found on the Cornell Memes fb page -  Cornell Scientists create "hole" in time where events can occur without detection -  wouldn't this be awesome on the slope? -  Wait, there's a union vote for us Cornell grad students today? - When did this happen? They really should have sent us a few emails or something ahead of time.  The famous "freshman 15"--pounds gained in the first semester--means our North Campus dorms gains 45,000 pounds. -  Where do people get trays to sled down the Slope? - I was gonna spend the day ~~praying to almighty Gries, patron saint of all things cumbersome and unintuitive~~ studying for CS 2110 prelim, but now I want to revel in that historical Cornell tradition of not giving a damn about anything in the winter.  Advice for a freshman? Any Cornell Muslims? - Does anyone know if any Cornell students have been detained due to immigrant status? r/Cornell Spring 2017 ClubFest - Want to advertise your club to r/Cornell? Comment your club information here! 

Want to learn about all of the clubs/student organizations that Cornell has to offer? Look here to see what organizations our community members are a part of, and to talk to them about their experiences! 

All other student organization advertisements posted in other areas of the subreddit will be removed while this thread is active. This will be removed on Sunday, February 5th (the date of actual Spring ClubFest). 

 Schafer records 400th win as Men's Hockey Coach -  Check out this new PBS show about math hosted by Kelsey Houston-Edwards, a mathematician and Cornell Faculty member -  Cosmos and AMA with Ben Eisenkop, unidan, on Sunday, Plant Sci 233, 8:45 pm - [Announcement Poster](http://i.imgur.com/MB9Bfjm.jpg)

I figure this is the most appropriate place to announce this program, considering our first guest expert.  I'm working with Science Cabaret to bring a program celebrating the 21st century remake and updating of Cosmos.  Cosmos has deep ties to Cornell and the Ithaca community, and it didn't feel right that we were not celebrating it's rebirth here.  Every week we will have a guest expert to comment, provide insight, tell anecdotes, etc., about the episode as we watch it on the big screen in Plant Science 233 (except 3/23 in the Big Red Barn).  There will be a brief interview at 8:45 pm, followed by the show at 9, then concluded with a Q&A (in this case, AMA).

Ben Eisenkop, better known here as /u/unidan, is an enthusiastic proponent of science.  This enthusiasm combined with a seemingly endless knowledge of awesome biological facts has led to him being one of the most famous and beloved users on Reddit.  Cosmos is a public outreach and science enthusiasm program, and this weeks episode features Darwin and Wallace's theory of natural selection.  Ben is a graduate student biologist from Binghamton University, and combined with his commitment to the public promotion of science, makes him a natural and ideal guest to kick off this series.

Please join us in 233 Plant Science this Sunday.  Doors 8:30, interview starts at 8:45.  Free!

Spread the word! Something I noticed -  Fucking StudentCenter, how does it work? - Oh wait, it doesn't... [Megathread] What's Going On At Cornell? Summer Edition - Hey r/Cornell! 

If you're hosting an event, looking for something to do, or just want to hang out, comment here! Advertisements for off or on campus events are welcome as well. 

Happy Summer! What are some good resources to take advantage of at Cornell? - At such a large school like Cornell, there is so much going on that it can feel overwhelming at times. What are some resources (either well known or not) that you've found most helpful? Stuff like career services for resume advice, the entrepreneurship lab, etc... Esports at Cornell - Myself and a few others decided to make an Esports club. Last year Cornell's DotA 2 team actually got top 4 in CSL, won $2000, and were flown all expenses paid to Dreamhack Austin to compete in the finals.

We want to help facilitate other teams (Overwatch, League, Hearthstone, CS:GO, SC2, and whatever else there is interest in) and make them competitive, and also host viewing parties/lans on campus.

If you're interested in either finding people to play with (casually or competitively) or helping out with the organization feel free to leave a comment or PM me! 

[Also here's our Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/esportsatcornell) Cornell University frat president arrested on rape charges - any thoughts on this? -  After today's blow-out loss to Dartmouth, our 0-8 football team plays at 0-8 Columbia next Saturday. - If we then lose to Columbia next weekend, should Coach Archer be retained for next year?


Coach Archer career W-L record is 3-15.  Ugh.


Cornell at Columbia on November 15 (12:30PM EST) Lacrosse team suspended and all games cancelled due to hazing allegations -  Cornell Lacrosse beats Maryland, advances to next round! -  futurama fry at cornell -  Scumbag Cornell.. -  Median Grade Reports - Remember when Cornell published Median Grade Reports? Well they stopped after Fall 2010, but started putting median grades on our transcripts. Our plan is to create our own Median Grade Reports for Spring 2011 and Fall 2012 based on our transcripts, but we need your help. If everybody follows these steps, we can have full official Median Grade Reports by next week, maybe in time for Add/Drop.

**1)  Order your official transcript  Follow the steps from here** http://transcript.cornell.edu/
This takes 5 minutes, its completely free, and theyll send your official transcript within 2 days

**2) Find your classes on these spreadsheets and enter the MEDIAN grades listed**

**Spring 2011**
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Aj00i2xIYcOIdHp6cmdXRmwwLTVwS2c5Q295WmdXWGc

**Fall 2011**
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Aj00i2xIYcOIdFBJc0NpcVJPRlRTOEVBOHhldkx1cVE

Use ctrl+f  (command+f on a mac) to find your class number
Keep your own grades private and help out the rest of the Cornell community
 
**3) Tell your friends to do the same thing.** The more people who fill in median grades, the more classes well have median grades for, so spread the word

**4) Look at the median grades for classes you want to take**
 
Thanks a lot everyone for helping out. This is an easy thing to do where everyone benefits. These are the real median grades, and will give everybody more info before signing up for classes. When enough of it has been filled out, well make it a downloadable PDF and put the link here. As an added bonus, once 80% of these classes are filled in, Ill make the median grade reports from Spring 2009  Fall 2010 available for download.

Edit: FB event link for easier sharing http://www.facebook.com/events/171881282911355/
 hey cornell your uni is rad as fuck <3 from australia, i had a great time (and on a tuesday!) -  Kicked Out of Cornell for a Semester - As stated in the titled, I am placed on academic leave for a semester due to my poor academics. I failed 3 courses since the beginning of my freshman year including multi-variable calc, bio, and a writing seminar driving down my GPA to 1.7. The root cause was mainly from a lack of motivation, languishing in my dorm for hours on end, and skipping classes for weeks at a time. Perhaps this was a symptom of depression that I had refused to seek out help for or perhaps it was from the increasingly hectic domestic situation in which my parents' fights constantly involved me even though I was hundreds of miles away from home. Whatever the cause, I have come to terms with it and will strive for a more successful remainder of my time at Cornell. So far in this semester I was gone, I had received certifications in EHAC, FEMA, OSHA, Psychological Aid, and inbound marketing while taking 3 courses at my local community college to fulfill distribution requirements. I also picked up a job, volunteered at the Miami AFL-CIO, and Hurricane Relief Shelters. I will mention these in my reflections for reentry in the spring semester. The question remains as to how I will graduate on time. Having missed a semester is a significant roadblock to graduate with my class and I'm not sure as to how to make up for missed time. I'm willing to take 20-22 credits per semester, but even then I'm not sure it'll remedy the situation. I just want to know if you guys have any advice for recovery and recuperation. I'm in the ILR school if this helps. Thank you in advance for the help!

edit: Thanks everyone for the responses! I know we're strangers on the internet, but the level of support and encouragement in this subreddit is quite terrific. I think the willingness of my fellow Cornellians to help some random guy on the internet is indicative of the character of this community. I will take these recommendations to heart and strive to be a better person. I just wanted to let you know you helped one stranger get to a better place mentally. 

With utmost gratitude,

cornellthrowaway Why do I have to eat at my own house during house dinners. - The meal plan says I have Unlimited access to meals during designated service periods within the West Campus House System dining rooms. So freaking stupid to be turned down by the person at the card swiping station because its not my house. Well maybe I dont want to eat the few foods that were prepared at my specific dining hall. Literally cannot stand house dinners. Also the gross used cloth napkins people leave all over the table because nobody knows where to put them. Maybe they should actually tell you the rules of house dinners in the description. Ugh  Cornell football wins, beats Columbia 3-0 - In shutout fashion, Cornell won its first game of the season.  Congratulations to Coach Archer and the team -- a home victory at Schoellkopf Field is a good way to break into the win column. Any ideas why r/cornell has such a small user base? - Given that Cornell Students are pretty close to the majority demographic of reddit users, I'm surprised at how small this subreddit is. Especially if you consider that a good chunk might be Alumni at this point. Any ideas? I feel dirty signing up for Psych experiments -  Found out I have to have a dry Slope Day because I just got mono. -  October 22nd - Cornell meetup - Let's do it on the 22nd. 
I don't live on collegetown so I really dont know that many restaurants. What's a good, affordable restaurant that can fit a pretty large party?

Also, if one of you could be so kind to invite us for video games, board games, etc, that would be great. I live in a small apartment so i don't think cramming into my apartment would be a good idea.


Thanks~~ Cornell Redditors meetup? - It's college, there's gotta be a lot of redditors around campus.
Let's have a meetup sometime after fall break! Cornell Extra Life Gaming Convention and Worlds Viewing Party - Esports at Cornell, the Digital Gaming Alliance, and the Smash Bros. Club will be hosting a 24hour gaming convention this Saturday (4th) in the Appel Commons to raise money for [Extra Life.](http://extra-life.org/) The event will start at 7am and ends 24 hours later on Sunday.

PC and console setups, boardgames, food, and prizes will be found throughout the event. At the end of the day, this is a place for gamers to hang out, have a good time, and raise money for charity! I'm super excited for this event and hope to see you all there. We're still looking for volunteers, so if you're interested in helping out, [please let us know.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSecYmflX4ez1ymKqj8u3EQohtwwjTVhwIIFuNBzz4LmNz64UQ/viewform)

As there's really a lot going on during the event, I thought it would be good to highlight a few of the cool things happening during this 24 hour period.

* **The League of Legends Worlds Viewing Party** will be taking place in **RCK 122** (Rockefeller Hall) at 3am on Saturday and will lead into the start of the convention. Riot has sent us some awesome swag, and we'll have snacks! If you are attending, please make sure we know by [RSVPing on Facebook!](https://www.facebook.com/events/717776365080784)

* **The Omegathon Tournament.** I think this is something everyone should be excited about. This is a tournament where each round of the bracket will be a different game. It can be tabletop, pc, or console based, so be prepared for anything! It's a fun event that really shows your skill as a gamer. The first place prize is a **Nintendo Switch**, so you really don't want to miss this! Today is the last day to register for this event, so please check out the event page below if you are interested.

* **Hearthstone Fideside Brawl.** Blizzard has hooked us up. If you play Hearthstone at the event at any point during the 24 hour period, you'll unlock an exclusive hero - Nemsy Necrofizzle. We will also be running a Hearthstone tournament in the evening.

* **Smash Bros:** There will both Smash 4 and Melee tournaments at the event! In the evening, there will be a "Super Mega Battle" which is a format that anyone can play. I'm sure there will be tons of casual play going on throughout the day as well.

If you plan to attend the event, please check out the Facebook event page to keep up with the latest information. **Registration is required for certain parts of the event so please read the "Details" section.**

[Extra Life Gaming Convention Event Page with the full schedule and more information.](https://www.facebook.com/events/731103930418433)

See (some of you) on Saturday! I am burnt out, what to do? - It's midway through the semester and I feel so burnt out. I feel unmotivated and I don't want to do anything. Does anyone have any tips/advice. It's been nonstop prelims and work that I just want ths semester to end. I thought my fall break would be a good time for me to recuperate but I'm still worn out and now I have another prelim and then a prelim after that and it's just neverending. i'ts just such a grind. does anyone have tips finding internships is stressful as hell -  Could the nor' easter cause class/prelim cancellations? - I always hear snow has never resulted in class being cancelled. Just wondering what the chances are.  Foreign Government-Sponsored Hackers Breached ILR School in 2014 -  Transfer Students Forced to Live in North Campus Lounges -  What are your favorite places on and off campus? - Incoming grad student here. I just got settled into my apartment and am feeling a little overwhelmed by how much *stuff* there is around here. I got my BA in a town where the most exciting thing to do was walk to Walgreens, so this is a lot more life than I'm used to. I've given myself a little walking tour of (parts of) campus and I've been down to the Commons a few times, but I know there's a lot more to be seen. What are your favorite places around here? 

For reference, I live basically on top of Cascadilla gorge and, while I prefer walking in the summertime, have a car.  (X-post from r/news) This is actually pretty awesome. Our researchers continue to do good work. -  CU Dining: What's Open Right Now? by Feifan Zhou -  originally posted about canada - applicable for ithaca as well! -  Cornell these days -  Last Call for College Bars -  Secrets of RPCC -  Stuff White People Like: Ithaca, NY -  Stanford University withdraws its bid for an NYC tech campus -  3110 Prelim - I'm getting weeded out  Great classes at Cornell? - I'm an incoming freshman and I thought it would be really cool if people posted about the most impactful or fun classes they've taken at Cornell Rick Santorum Protested Off Stage -  Looking back, what do you wish you knew going into Cornell freshman year? - I'm going to be a freshman next fall and was just curious if anyone had some advice they wish they knew going in as a freshman. Any replies are greatly appreciated. Spring Day was an annual celebration at Cornell University, 1900. -  In your experience, how much has the Cornell "brand" helped in terms of connections and job placement? - I'm most interested in pursuing computer science, business/finance, or medicine, so any information specific to those three fields would be extremely helpful. 

I guess I have 3 main inquiries regarding opportunities from going to Cornell:

1) How big is the entrepreneurial spirit at Cornell? How does it compare to those found at Stanford and MIT? Is it easy to find capable people who want to create tech startups for example?

2) How much have you benefited connections-wise by going to Cornell? How does it compare to schools like Harvard and Yale?

3) How well generally have employers regarded your Cornell degree/education? How much of a "wow" factor does it have compared to the likes of Harvard, Princeton, etc.?

**P.S:** Just so we're clear, I am not coming at this from a negative or skeptical view of Cornell. Personally, I fully realize that I'm incredibly lucky to have been accepted, seeing as I was expecting to go to a mid-tier UC a few months ago. And ultimately I realize that success depends more on the person than the college. I'm just trying to get an honest picture of what to expect at Cornell, and what my parents are going to be investing 200k+ dollars in.  We made it on Sports Center . . . a little trouble with a big bear -  Ice hockey vs Harvard! - Hi Cornell!  On Friday, February 15, the women's ice hockey team is playing Harvard!  What would it take to get you and your friends to a women's ice hockey game?  

If all goes as expected, Harvard will be ranked #1 in the ECAC, with Cornell a point behind, so a win will help Cornell claim first.  Currently, Harvard and Cornell are #3 and #5, respectively, in the national rankings.

These are some of the best hockey players in the WORLD.  It's fast, physical and a lot of fun to watch.  It would be great to fill Lynah Rink for a women's hockey for the first time ever!!  I'm part of a small group of people part of the women's ice hockey coach's club, that is working to make this happen.

So Cornell hockey fans, what would it take to get you there?   oh look.. a picture! - so, i'm starting to mess with some of the css on our lovely subreddit.. anyone have any fun suggestions about our little envelope? or up/downvote things? GO NUTS.  an accurate representation -  I had a terrible terrible day today - what cheers you up if you had a terrible day  Advice for incoming freshman - Hello Cornellians! 

I was accepted in the ED round and am extremely excited to be attending Cornell in the fall. 

Do you have any advice/tips for starting freshman year at Cornell (academics/housing/social life or Greek system/food/weather)? 

Thanks so much!!! Cornell alum startup offers credit line to international students who have no US credit history - Hey guys, a Cornell alum friend of mine started a company [Credit Without Borders](https://www.creditwithoutborders.com) that offers credit cards to international students who otherwise can't get them. I'm throwing their info out there in case any international students on this sub can benefit. 

Aparently, and I didn't know this before, international students have a hard time getting credit cards. Either they don't have a US credit score or social security number. My buddy partnered with a bank and came up with a system to evaluate creditworthiness without a US credit score. It's pretty genius.

Right now they are only accepting students at Cornell, Columbia and NYU over the age of 21. If it sounds helpful, [check it out!](https://www.creditwithoutborders.com) What was the deleted post on "Overheard at Cornell" - I saw that there was a lot of buzz generated around the mod's announcement that she had taken down a post earlier in the week. Any idea what that post was? Driving from NYC to Ithaca around 7pm on Friday. Two seats open. - Hey folks, finishing up my NYC interviews and coming back to Ithaca. If anyone wants to come with, let me know.

I'm an MBA student, 27 years old, and we'll probably be listening to the Beatles or hipster music. Depending on how my interviews went, I'll either be talkative or depressed, ha Lynah Faithful hat? - My wife's birthday is coming up. She's mentioned wanting the Lynah Faithful hat ("I want that hat"), which I understand was given out to season-ticket purchasers. We only bought half-seasons this year, so we missed out on that fine swag. Anyone willing to sell me theirs, or know where I could buy one? Thanks, and LGR! Whipped this Cornell Reddit banner up in Photoshop. Suggestions welcome. -  Any way to get Cornell Dairy products away from school? - HOLY SHIT how does their ice cream/milk taste so good??? I've been a freshman for barely a week and I already know I'm going to miss this stuff. Out of the loop: Bingalee Dingalee? - What sparked the Bingalee Dingalee clock tower meme? I remember seeing it after the gay porn debate, was it around before then? Newt Gingrich to speak at Cornell -  Do you have to purchase your own fish for the Cornell Harvard game tomorrow? - or do they provide fish for us to throw? Devastated students 'mourn' election of Donald Trump at cry-in -  David Taylor and Kyle Dake on Collision Course for Match of the Century -  Slope Day 2017 headliners announced -  Leaving Cornell - Do you any of you guys feel like you just want to leave Cornell as fast as possible and start working? Don't get me wrong I really like Cornell and I've met a lot of cool people here. But sometimes I feel like I just want to graduate as fast as I can and start my life. Am I crazy for thinking this? Cornell wins Student Startup Madness!! #GoBigRed - Maidbot, a startup with students from three universitiesCornell, Georgia Tech and Carnegie Mellontakes top prize in the Student Startup Madness tournament!

MaidBot created an industrial-strength vacuum system for hotels and commercial properties, developed by a team of engineering and business students from Cornell University, the Georgia Institute of Technology and Carnegie Mellon University.

Student Startup Madness, along with its partners and host universities, believes in American entrepreneurship and on-campus startupsand wants to help young student entrepreneurs succeed and become a part of the SXSW experience.

For more on Student Startup Madness, visit the website (http://studentstartupmadness.com). TA/prof lost my final exam, what to do? - So I took a final around 3 days ago for one of my classes in Statler. It was a hard test, but I thought everyone was struggling anyways, so I handed it in at the podium in front. I distinctly remember even being confused about which pile to put my exam books in, and multiple people (my friends who sat near me) saw me go up, as I finished with around 30 min left. Yesterday, I received an email saying that I turned in the question sheet, but not the exam books. The professor asked me if I went and if there were other people who saw me turn it in. He then offered a retake, but I already left campus. I was trying as hard as possible to seem polite, but I got the feeling that he was getting annoyed, as he said he would just give me an incomplete. The TA also said he looked everywhere, and couldnt find it.
At this point, I have no idea what I should do. I contacted my dean, but she has not responded yet, and Im not sure whether my case is worth arguing, if Im going to have to retake the class anyways. Im a CS major, and I need this class to graduate. Any advice would be appreciated! Cornell Staff Member Implicated in UNC Academic Scandal -  Trial Against Cornell, Ithaca Over 2010 Bridge Suicide Begins -  Cornell hockey video being featured on the front page of /r/hockey! Congrats to Gillam on his first goal! -  Why doesn't Cornell have a custom reddit icon at the top of the page like the other Ivy reddits? - Edit: 

What do you guys think about this?
http://i.imgur.com/5gC9U.png Any cozy study spots on campus with food? - I found myself really liking OADI and the Asian American Studies Program because they always have snacks/drinks on the ready. Are there any more hidden gems like this on campus? How to sleep in Dickson? - Hello new freshman here just wondering if there are any ways to sound proof my window or any strategies to get sleep in Dickson. My window faces the path which makes it impossible, even with earplugs, to fall asleep at a reasonable time. Huge groups of people walk by yelling until 12. I have to get up at 5 30 every morning and haven't gotten more than 5 hours since I've been here. Any suggestions?. New Subreddit Proposal - Hello r/Cornell! 

A community member reached out to me interested in creating a subreddit focused on Ivy League memes (similar to the Make Cornell Memes Again Facebook group), and reached out to the mod team to see whether this community would be interested in such a venture. Let us know your thoughts here! 

If you are interested and would like to be considered for the mod team, please include that here as well.  What's going on at the Townhouses? - Bunch of people crowded (and screaming?) around in the Townhouse area. Anyone know what's happening? Just curious.  National Society of Collegiate Scholars (NSCS) at Cornell? - I recently received a letter with an invitation to join NSCS. What is suspicious is the 95 dollar fee. I looked up the Cornell's chapter and found the Facebook page, which has been inactive since early 2016.

Does anyone have any experience with this group? Can it be useful? Is it worth the price? CS Majors: new CS wiki! -  Analytic Driven Game Design Final Projects - Student's in Cornell's Analytic Driven Game Design developed these games this semester. Try them out!

http://www.kongregate.com/games/mmeosa/pew-pew-spooky-tower

http://www.kongregate.com/games/Mshnik/lightmare

http://www.kongregate.com/games/teresali/gravity

http://www.kongregate.com/games/sbabalyk/unbalanced

http://www.kongregate.com/g/triplicatesgame/the-triplicates

http://www.kongregate.com/games/maxxmcc/clone-combat

http://www.kongregate.com/g/PeakyYuter/the-butterfly-effect

http://www.kongregate.com/games/czaloj/final-flare
 Lost iphone 6 found in Cascadilla Gorge trail -  I have only now discovered these. Hold my fitness pass, /r/Cornell, I'm goin' in. -  Cornell closed from 3am 2/5 to 9:30am, classes start again at 10am! -  Cornell physicist and Nobel winner Richardson dies  -  I've just chosen Cornell. What pieces of advice have I missed that are absolutely necessary? - More information: I am in the College of Engineering and I am a Jacobs scholar.

All responses wanted! What was your favorite first date in Ithaca? - I'm looking for ideas. I know there's a lot to do when it gets warm. Hiking, picnic, etc.  What are clubs looking for? - I don't understand what the criteria is for some of these clubs? I applied to one that literally just asked for my major and name on the application and I got denied? How do they filter out applicants just based on that information? A couple other clubs told me they were pretty open and the application process was just a formality. Then I got denied? I'm very confused...  First-Ever Unicorn Day Footage - Some physics students revealed their unicorn on dragon day.

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnFsCwnc1nw](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnFsCwnc1nw)

Sorry for the shakiness in the beginning. Hotel School on The Simpsons -  Anybody want to share their secret bathrooms? - I'll share mine first. It's not exactly secret, but in the loading dock area close to MCLLU, there is a bathroom with the best toilet paper. None of that sandpaper shit everywhere else. Anybody generous enough to share their secret pooping palace? Traveling from Central Jersey to Ithaca this weekend, let me know if you need a ride. - I'm planning to drive up to Ithaca this weekend from the Central Jersey Area (around New Brunswick). If you aren't too far out of the way and need a ride let me know. I have space for one person who's traveling light. Other than that, happy Friday! Hidden Spots on Campus? - What's your favorite "unknown part" on campus where you can just chill for a bit without being bothered (I know I know, it kinda defeats the purpose of a private spot)? I've been using the libraries, but I really want a unique place to study. Best/most interesting class(es) you've taken at Cornell? - Just wondering, but also for future reference Best date locations on campus? - Any opinions on nice date opportunities? 

Casual vs. fancy? Scenic vs. social?

Wanted to hear other opinions. Thanks! How to meet more artsy kids at Cornell - I'm a pretty outgoing guy who loves to party; however, I did not pledge because I cannot really stand greek life. With all my friends now engaged w/ that, I am now having trouble finding more likeminded people. how does one go about meeting the more artsy kids at cornell?  Why is it so easy to transfer into Cornell? - I'm not trying to look down on transfers. But for the state endowed colleges, I've read about a few students with low gpas in high school (speaking 2.7s...) who managed to get As in community college and transferred in after just a year (one person transferred after a semester) with no extracurriculars and just nothing...

And some of these transfers aren't just... prepared for Cornell? I know a transfer who is in ILR and thinks it is an extremely hard major (this person is getting Ds on exams when the medians are B+s and A-s...). 

Therefeore, what is the point of trying so hard in high school just to have this happen? I'm not looking down on anyone who's a transfer, some of them are the smartest people I know and some ended up with the guaranteed transfer. But I just don't get why Cornell lets in so many people who are just not qualified. Is it for their tuition money? Like I just don't get it Any parties (either low-key or... not) for NYE? - I'm a grad student stuck in town for the new year. Cornell / Harvard SF Holiday Party - December 10th -  Is DC++ down? - The past couple weeks I have not been able to connect to DC++. Does anyone know if it was taken down? 